In order to improve our abstraction over React and Redux,
what we're going to use is,
we're going to use React's Context API.
Now, if you've heard of Context before,
you might have heard that it comes with
a warning saying the API is eventually going to change so don't use this.
That luckily for us is old news.
React just barely released a brand new Context API as of React 16.3,
which as of this video is brand new.
So we can go ahead and use Context confidently now knowing that it's not going to change.
So, in this video, what we're going to do is,
we're going to look at what Context is, why it's important,
specifically why it's important for our Redux and React abstraction,
what it allows us to do,
and then we'll take a look at an example.
So, you'll notice here what we have is a few different components.
We have our App component.
Our app has some data,
and that's specifically a name,
and then we render the Parent component.
Parent then renders Child,
Child then renders Grandchild,
and then Grandchild then renders the name Grandchild as well as Name caller,
and then whatever the name prop that was parsed to with this.
So the whole idea of this kind of contrived example is that we want to get
our name all the way down to our Grandchild function or our Grandchild component.
So typically how we would have to do that is we would come in here
and we'd give Parent a name prop of whatever our name is.
We would then go to Parent and receive the name prop,
and then parse it down to our Child component.
In Child, we would also receive that,
and then we'd parse that down to our Grandchild component.
And then what we would get is a name right here.
Now, I get that this example is a little bit contrived,
but this is a use case and a problem that if you're familiar with React,
you've probably seen this before.
We have data living in one part of our application,
we want to get it to some Child component,
but in order to get it there,
we have to parse it through a few other components.
Well, this is the exact problem that Context in React solves.
So, I'm going to go back to what we initially had.
And now using Context,
I'm going to get this name variable here all the way down to Grandchild
without actually having to parse it through Parent and our Child component.
So again, that's the whole use case of Context.
That's why Context exists because it allows us to get data to
our Child component without having to plum it
through all of the other components above that component.